# hackmud-lisp
A small, moderately-golfed but reasonably-legible Clojure/MAL-inspired Lisp intepreter for use in hackmud. Inspired by the efforts of hackmud-player @soron.

This code doesn't represent especially good Javascript conventions (to put it lightly), but I've tried to make it as understandable as possible without succumbing to hackmud's character count limitations (which, for me, currently stand around 4000 characters). It's worth noting that the singular objective of this interpreter is to correctly execute well-formed code; debugging programs in this dialect is not for the faint of heart.

I've decided to open source this code despite both its ugliness and the competitiveness of hackmud because it represents a unique period of excitement and discovery in my career as a software engineer. It was my first genuine foray into the world of Lisp, and every day I spent working on it yielded insights that have irrecovably altered the way I think about programming and programming languages.

The [Make A Lisp](https://github.com/kanaka/mal) project was an indespensable resource on this project, and I can't recommend it enough to anyone who has even a passing interest in what the Lisp hype is about. Unlike most languages, learning Lisp is more a matter of understanding how it works than memorizing syntax, so writing an interpreter for it is a very effective way to pick it up. And picking it up is rewarding, no matter what language you work in; there's a bit of Lisp in pretty much every language in use today, and once you learn about it, you'll start wishing there was more.
